# Train-Ticket-Management-System
The system is made for both clients and administrator, both of them can buy and cancel tickets, but only administrator can make changes to them .Each time a ticket is bought a pdf format file is created with all the needed ticket and client data. Also the client can't cancel a bought ticket if it is 3 hours or less from the ride.
Firstly you are presented with a login window, connected to the database, you can choose to sign in or proceed further without signing in at all. You can also sign up. As a client you will be presented with two main options, buy a ticket and cancel ticket. Then you will be presented with a table of all tickets, with one click on a row all the data will be presented below the table. You can also choose how many seats you plan to order, andd a calculation will be made for you based on the price. Then after clicking the button next to the data you will be takken to another scene where all details of your ticket are shown, there is also a form you have to fill in with your personal data to complete the order. When clicked buy the pdf file will be generated.
You can also cancel tickets by putting your ID.This can only be possible if your ride is more than 3 hours away.If not you won't be able to perform the action. 
For the administrator besides the two option above,two more options are added, that give him the access to manipulate data such as changing a ticket, adding one or deleting it. He can also accesss all his clients which are all saved up in a database. Editing can be performed on them too. These features can only be accessed if the right username and password or the administrator are added.
